Restrict EC generation configured by size (#127)
corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.6.0 (Unreleased)
### Breaking Change
In accordance with our [versioning policy](https://github.com/corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider/blob/master/VERSIONING.rst),
this release contains a low-risk breaking change. For details please see the [1.5.0](#150) section of this document.

> This change only impacts libraries that generate EC keys using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change applies only to libraries that generate EC keys using the
```

Author: Thank you. As from side discussion this is an optional change so I think I'll keep it.

[KeyPairGenerator.initialize(int keysize)](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/security/KeyPairGenerator.html#initialize-int-)
method.

### Improvements

> * Stricter guarantees around which curves are used for EC key generation. [PR #127](https://github.com/corretto/amazon-corretto-crypto-provider/pull/127)

Reviewer: s/around/about
-or-
Stricter guarantee that specified curves are used ...
